Epilogue Double Cast
--You have found out what "expectation" is?
The "voice" that has been compelling me from somewhere asks me that.
When I heard the voice of the girl I should have buried, I stopped using the
daughter of the gods (Horn) as an excuse and admitted it.
What I wanted was not『Love』but『Love』.
It was because I was the "Goddess of Love" that I could not get this adoration,
which kept me itching.
My "beauty" can charm anyone.
People whose hearts I have taken away from them will offer everything if I ask for
it, and if I refuse, they will hold back their tears and obey.
This is 'love'. A love that is close to gratuitous love, a distorted "love".
They and they don't "fall in love" with me, and vice versa.
Who would turn over and over for someone who is almost obedient?
The Daughter of the Gods (Horn) and the Daughter of Gold (Haider), and the
Dependents (Ottar), these children who want to be pure, strong, and beautiful,
despite their best efforts for me, I think this gesture is cute and worthy of pity, but
it is really still "love".
Anyone would say that 『Love』 is a higher existence than 『Love』 and is the
thing of abundance.
That's exactly what it is. Just as I am crazy, "love" is the most unstable.
However, it is the most powerful impulse that makes the world so vivid.
Love is the bountiful earth, and love is like the field of flowers that I once reached.
The earth nurtures humans and grants them bounty, but also allows them to
cultivate and make the land more fertile. The flower field does not have this endless
cycle, but at the moment when the flowers bloom, it will decorate the world into the
most vivid thing.
What I want to become must not be eternal, but a flower that lives in the fleeting
moment.
...... Forget it and make it clear.
I'm tired of not wanting to love or be loved.
So, I dream of having a 'love affair'.
Like a young girl who knows nothing, I was longing for something much more
youthful and unstable than 'love'.
Then - the 'love' I met really changed my world.
The "love" was no longer a dream. It became the exact form of "expectation".
The only person I could fall in love with was a teenager (Bell).
In the entire lower world and the Tenkai, only the boy (Bell) could fulfill my
expectations.
I was really happy when I found out that he was not affected by the "charm" of the
boy who was gradually attracted to him.
I thought that if it was with him, I might get a "love" that I didn't know about through
"love".
However, it was unbelievable that he was not affected by "charm", because he
was thinking about other beings, longing for them, and would not even give in to
my power.
It's ironic.
I can only "fall in love" with a rival whose "love" cannot be realized.
What lies ahead must be the loss of love (the end). And because I'm seeking "love",
I'm sure to reveal my weaknesses.
I'm such a bad goddess.
I'm a troublesome woman who didn't solve things properly because I started it
myself, and now I can admit it after being saved (hurt) by him.
My 『expectation』 ...... is a 『first love』 that can never be realized.
--just like that?
......?
What else is there?
The girl (Syr) who asked again made me frown, and that's when I heard a sigh
coming from somewhere.
-- What a pain in the ass. I can't throw away my reserve and pretend that I'm very
slow. To this extent, it's already considered a disease.
The sigh turned into the voice of the goddess (someone).
How strange. The goddess (Freya) is only me. It was started by me, the girl (Syr)
and the goddess (Freya) in one person playing two roles (Double Role).
However, that's when I noticed something.
Who was the "one person" who played the two roles (two people) of the girl (Syr)
and the goddess (Freya)?
--The boy (Bell) said it. He said 'Please tell me "the real you"'.
That's what he said when he asked for the war game.
『The real me』?
Who is the 『real me』 ......?
--wouldn't this body be the answer?
In front of me was a field of flowers.
It was dusk, and a whole field of large red flowers filled the earth.
I was sitting in the middle of a sea of flowers, and what I shed was not gold, but
transparent tears.
The steady wind blew my light gray hair.
In the middle of the flower field that I finally reached, I opened my light gray eyes
wide.
--Only don't regret it.
The "Goddess" had left.
"Regulus" disappeared.
From that day on, I never saw the follow up of the fantasy (dream) that I had
reached.
For the first time in history, the "Faction War" was won by the "United Faction
Army".
Hearing the news of the defeat of the [Freya Familia], the world was in chaos and
exploded.
The balance was broken, the power map was redrawn, and a new 『Hero』 was
about to be born, and the entire lower world was abuzz. Will it be the Tone of the
Blast or the Roar of the Bell Tower that will sit at the end of the current generation
of 'Hero Alternates'? The great deed of defeating the strongest faction (Freya's
Familia) has led to many speculations, and even mortals who are not gods have a
definite feeling that "the times are about to change".
The source of the shock (Orario), of course, could not forget everything with
excitement.
After the triumph from "Orza City Ruins", the adventurers and their party were
pelted with cheers one after another. The city of Labyrinth was wrapped in a frenzy
that was enough to make the young goddess (Hestia) fall down, and people even
held a grand celebration like a parade temporarily.
The people praised each other.
The adventurers were in high spirits.
The gods rang out thunderous applause and came to greet.
Even though the battle was over, the aftermath of the fight did not dissipate at all.
The city forgot the boundary between day and night, and it was a very lively city.
Then, the city finally closed its eyelids after several days of bustling activity, three
days after the morning of the war games.
"Why did you lose?"
Freya whispered as her slender fingers poked at the empty cup.
It was early morning before the sun had risen. On the long platform of the empty
tavern, the goddess cocked her head like a child, causing Mia, who was forced to
accompany her, to sigh.
"You don't have to tell me who made you mess with so many people."
"Even so, I thought I would win. Even so, I thought I would win. I thought I would
have a solution even if Rocky and the girls went down. The only one who can get
it is Bell.
The first thing you can do is to look at the end of the war game and see that Mia
really did send a look with no words.
"It means that there are many guys who want to protect the kid, right?"
"That's it?"
"...... Then again, the good people who are hanging on to you have strange
speculations caused by?"
Freya closed her mouth, then said so, and stopped poking the glass.
To be honest, she felt that even with Hedin and Horn, she should be able to win,
but Freya participated in the war of the factions with 'love'. Then, it was acceptable
to lose because of 'love'.
The various kinds of "love", will and thoughts were entwined, and the teenagers
seized the one in a million chance to win, and Freya accepted that explanation.
"Mia, can you buy me this drink?
"Are you kidding me, you stupid goddess? I got you up so early in the morning,
you'll have to pay for this too.
"But I have nothing left."
Freya's Familia, which had lost the war game "War of the Factions", was
disbanded.
It was not the order of Hestia, who was the alliance leader of the faction, but Freya's
behavior, including the case of the "Box", was too uncaring. The same goes for the
matter of asking for war games, and a voice centered on the goddesses
participating in the Great War pointed out that Freya could no longer be allowed to
behave in a more arbitrary manner. They proposed that Freya's familiars were the
reason she acted recklessly, so they also had to cut and remove her power.
The children of the "resonators" of the pro-god, no, the male god, and the
"Believers" who worship Freya immediately objected, but were told to "shut up"
and were suppressed. The winner of the war naturally had a higher voice than the
side that did nothing, and many people feared the power of the god of beauty and
did not stop them.
The defeat of Freya and others became a foregone conclusion, the face could not
help but change, and the somewhat sympathetic Royman, although at first
sheltering her, was ultimately unable to flip the demands of the victor and public
opinion. He, who could be stabbed in the back even within the guild, had no choice
but to follow Orario's previous rules and simply forbid the flow of urban warriors -
tough warriors - to the outside of the city, and expressed the overall opinion of the
guild headquarters, declaring the exile of the main god (Freya).
"Ottar how can they recognize the god Freya outside the master ah ah ah ......!!!
Isn't this the same as the time of God Apollo again aaaahhhh ......!!!"
That's what the haggard-faced『Guild Pig』seemed to say.
At the same time, the huge assets of the [Freya Familia] were all confiscated. Only
『Battle Wilderness』 was taken back to the guild management, while the rest
was distributed to all the victors, that is, the [Familia] that participated in the faction
valve alliance. The [Ogma Familia] that was in a state of vigil before the war
seemed to be jumping up and down happily now. In the view of the loser (Freya),
it was quite angry.
But Freya thought that she would be returned immediately after losing, so it was a
very gentle treatment, but
"I'll be humiliated and humiliated, and I'll be humiliated in all kinds of ways.
It was the thoughtful arrangement of the Goddess Alliance that led to the present
result.
Now the whole lower world knows that she has been reduced to a naked queen.
The [Familia] has been disbanded, and scandal and ridicule will surely follow her
around for hundreds of years.
The guild's publication mentioned that she had made a lot of contributions to Orario
so far, and even her atrocities could not be fully offset, and considering that, no
return was made, but Freya guessed that probably the 'good people' somewhere
had done something superfluous.
"After all, I'm the one who said I'd bet everything ...... so there's nothing I can do
even if I'm penniless, right?
What Freya still has left is only the clothes she is wearing now.
There is no entourage either. She has told all her dependents "No following me.
To be a hero here." . Haider and other children who had never resisted Freya so
far pestered her desperately, but after she said that she would use 『Charm』 to
force them to stay in Orario if they didn't obey, many of them let out a loud cry and
sat down paralyzed. Only Horn who woke up seemed to feel that she had no right
to be sad and kept her head down and endured something.
So, Royman did not have stomach pain.
There were no dead people in this war game.
She strictly ordered the dependents not to kill their opponents.
The battle had started because of her own ugly selfishness, and if she killed
another child, she was afraid she would have nightmares, not to mention that she
had a feeling that if the dead appeared, Bell would never become her own thing.
Pai valve allied forces rather with the idea of killing people, but she trusted Ottar
and them and Haider these full-Bellied Cinderellas very much and felt that they
were not yet dead.
"...... Then you'll work for me like you did before and earn money to pay it back."
"That won't do. After all, they have said, "Well, to the brutal and troublesome
goddess (woman) hurry up and leave, the deadline is until today."
Mia frowned and looked at Freya who stood up.
Her eyes looked like she was trying her best to hide her inner emotions.
"「...... somewhere the little bitty goddess seems to have let slip that although a
nymphomaniac goddess can't, a 『Street Maid』 can still turn a blind eye.
Freya suddenly stopped in front of the entrance/exit.
"...... That's not okay. That would be too miserable."
However, Freya, who was smiling, did not change her mind.
"So ...... goodbye forever, Mia. I've had a lot of fun so far, oh."
A heavy sigh struck Freya's cloak-clad, hooded back.
She pretended not to notice and walked out the door to East Street.
A pale green darkness different from the night greeted her.
"I don't know how long I've been here ......"
The view that I had become accustomed to.
Until today, it feels like a long time, and then it feels like it was really just a moment.
The cold morning air.
Since when do I eagerly look forward to the day starting soon every day?
However, the long autumn and the bountiful season is coming to an end. Then,
before winter comes, the goddess should also leave with the bounty.
Freya looked out at the empty streets and walked toward the city gates.
She was about to take a step, but then.
"Miss Syr."
The young man stood there as if he was waiting for someone alone, causing her
to stop in her tracks.
On the avenue where she had first met, where she had first handed out her lunch.
"What can I do for you ......?"
She made a somewhat stiff, slightly cold voice.
After all, he was one of the last people she wanted to see these days.
"Are you leaving?"
"Of course. Isn't that what was decided."
"But we ......
"What, are you trying to trick me again? Didn't you make a big fuss and dump me
twice for self-satisfaction?"
"Well ......!?"
As if to finally let out her anger, she said sarcastically.
However, this was not her true intention.
The one who made a big fuss was instead herself who had spread throughout the
lower world because of her self-satisfaction.
Compared to Freya who wanted to fulfill expectations even at the cost of distorting
the world, Bell's 『hypocrisy (selfishness)』 was much cuter.
"...... Don't worry."
"Eh?"
"Thanks to you ending the 'love affair', I did get saved.
"!"
Freya smiled as she locked eyes with wide open crimson eyes.
There was no cruel and spirited goddess here, nor was there a "witch" who knew
the poison of love and miracles.
There is only the pain and bitterness of love, and a heart as white as a young girl's.
"I will not go mad with love, nor will I seek love. After all, my first love (you) hurt me
more than I did, and cut off my love for me.
This is her unconcealed sincerity.
With the heartbreak that Bell gave her as a prize, Freya will never again become
a monster that distorts the world, and will never again hurt others, while hurting
herself. It was thanks to the fact that he was also hurt together, and the two shared
the pain equally.
It was not waking up from a nightmare.
Nor did they wake up from a long sleep.
I always feel a little lonely, but also a little happy.
The sense of loss that seemed to shed tears at any moment was the best evidence
that Freya had longed for the teenager, and proved that it was beyond the 'love'
that had cursed her.
"I ...... have lost to you."
Although very reluctant.
Although it was embarrassing and I definitely did not want to admit it.
But Freya did get saved.
Looking at the teenager who closed her mouth, the goddess revealed a pure smile.
"Like you, Bell. I like you."
"......"
"I'll keep thinking about you until I get tired of it, until I get bored."
For the goddess who has searched for tens of thousands or hundreds of millions
of years for a mate (Od), that day will never come, I'm afraid.
Even so, to keep harboring this unattainable mood is exactly the greatest
punishment for Freya.
"...... Then goodbye."
She quickly left the place while she was not yet born to stay.
Even after passing by him, he still didn't say a word.
She felt a bit incredulous. Although the heart also has 'a little stay me or well' this
kind of little girl likes dissatisfaction, but feels incredible feelings more strongly.
After all, it was the young man who had thought he would insist on staying.
"Syr."
It didn't take long for the answer to come from the other direction.
「！」
Ryu.
As well as Anya, Kunoai, and Runoa.
And the other『Mistress of Bountiful』clerks.
Unknowingly, they appeared in their tender leaf-colored uniforms, forming a wall
on the avenue.
Freya stopped in her tracks. Then kept her mouth tightly shut.
Finally she put her hood on deeply again, walked over to them, and was about to
cross between them.
"Wait."
Of course, she who had a cleanliness fetish would not allow herself to do so.
A serious tone that she would never have used with the girl (Syr) so far stopped
the goddess in her tracks.
"Don't you have anything to say to us?
"......"
Freya who stopped - no, it was 『She』 who closed her eyes.
Ryu called out the girl's name. Then it shouldn't be the goddess who has to make
a reply.
This is the last thing the goddess (player) who ushered in the end has to do.
She ignored her restless heart and opened her eyelids, her pale gray eyes gazing
at the stone slab.
The goddess disappears, and the being standing there becomes『Girl』.
"............ Sorry."
Immediately after.
--- Bang! The sound.
An exaggerated sound rang out at the cheek.
Syr, who had dropped her hood, opened her eyes wide and touched her cheek,
which was painful and emitting heat.
"Are you kidding me!!!"
Ryu slapped Syr with a speed that made Chloe and Runoa's cheeks twitch, and
shouted angrily.
"If you still have the good sense to apologize, make it up to me!!!"
"Eh ......?"
"You're the one who let me live who was going to die! Since I am here now, you
have to take the responsibility!
Hearing those words, Syr flinched a little.
Her heart wavered, and in her pale gray eyes, the willfulness of not wanting to
become even more miserable mixed with the desire to please not let herself be left
behind.
The angry Ryu must have immediately seen through what Syr was considering.
Her eyebrows rose and she jerked forward, as if to grab her by the front flap.
"Don't want us to insult you anymore? What a silly thing to say! I'll insult you for
the rest of your life! For the rest of your life, I'll make you accept my repayment!!!"
"......"
"Stay with us all the time!
This time, Ryu's shout mixed with tears made the light gray pupils really open wide.
"I don't care about goddesses' reserve (dignity) or anything~"
"Yes, yes. After all, it's not a god in front of us, it's just a colleague, right?
Chloe's face was smiling, and Runoa was laughing.
"And your cooking is so bad, you think you can get away with it?
The two of them even insulted her, causing Syr's face to be tinged with shame.
Her mouth kept opening and closing. She was so humiliated that she couldn't say
anything.
The other clerks also snickered, their shoulders shaking.
Finally, after some time.
An abandoned cat came to the front.
"............ Freya-sama ............... ......... Syr ............"
"Anya ......"
To her own surprise, Syr couldn't find the words to say.
He had lied to her, pushed her away, and hurt her in that "box", what words could
he say now?
Standing in front of the frozen Syr, Anya seemed very scared, her eyes and tail
wavering.
Anya wanted to say something several times, and was expecting her to keep
staring at the ground when -
"...... don't go meow ~~~~~~!!!"
She cried and hugged up.
Syr, who had been pounced on by the cat, froze in place.
"Meow though I don't understand anything ......! But Meow doesn't want to be
separated from Syr Meow~ ......!!!"
The foolish Anya could not convince her opponent.
Neither could she say words of understanding.
It was hard to say whether she understood Freya and Syr's relationship or not.
So, she honestly confessed her inner thoughts and presented them to the other
side.
Syr's dull eyes slowly took on the scent of tears.
"Syr-sama."
At that moment, Bell, who had been watching, stood behind her.
Kunoai slowly picked up Anya, and Syr jerked around, and not wanting him to
notice her faltering, she lowered her head.
Just when she could not move - thud! a thud.
Runoa's somewhat painful palm pushed down hard on her back.
In the form of her body leaning forward and almost falling over, she pushed her
back in front of Bell.
"........................"
"Uh~............ ah ah ah --- ...... ......"
Looking at the wordless Syr, instead, Bell somehow acted a little strange.
Just when she felt incredulous, the teenager opened his arms as if he had made
up his mind, all at once.
Eh, what?
The teenager's behavior of simply hugging up at any moment made Syr's eyes
rounded, and Bell, whose cheeks were red, was "Oooh~~~! The head of the head
of the hands on the ground, directly squatted.
After a while, he seemed to resign himself to his fate and generally stood up.
Next, still red-faced, he gently took Syr's right hand.
This sudden action caused Syr's heart to beat violently.
Then.
"...... What, what a bad-hearted kitty! I'm going to keep an eye on you so you can't
do anything bad anymore! Do be aware of it, huh!!!"
The wind blew.
Speechless time was born here.
Behind them, Runoa and the others cast icy eyes.
Especially Ryu's eyes were with a sub-zero chill, as if he could stare Bell to death
with just his eyes.
"Ah ............"
The teenager's face turned blue and dripped a large amount of sweat. At that
moment, Syr, who was on the side, remembered something.
"What would Bell-san do if I became strange?
It was the time of the apparition at the goddess festival.
Syr was unknowingly afraid of the future who was mad with 『love』, so she
jokingly said something to him.
"You won't hold me tightly and whisper in my ear, "You're a bad-hearted kitten. I'm
going to keep an eye on you so that you can't do anything bad anymore. Be aware
of that and take me home?
"It's not good enough!
Syr and he used to laugh together, like this.
The teenager couldn't hold the young girl tight, so he held her hand.
"...... Syr-sama, that time I also said. I will stop you, lest Miss Syr hurt anyone."
Bell smiled bitterly and gave a shy smile to the dazed Syr.
"And lest Miss Syr, after hurting anyone, also hurt her own heart. So ......"
He said so.
He put the thing that he took out from his arms to the top of Syr's right hand that
he was still holding.
"----"
It was a silver ornament emBellished with pale blue patterns.
One of them was crushed by the goddess, a pair of jewelry.
The hair ornaments of the "knight" based on the hero Tan.
"I'll keep an eye on Syr-san."
"Eh ......?"
"So that you don't do bad things. I will always watch over you ...... so that you can
always smile with Miss Ryu and the girls."
Syr's hand trembled.
"I won't be a 『Mate (Oded)』.
The consciousness left the body and held the hair ornament.
"I'm not 『Flanders』 either."
Looking at the young girl whose lips trembled, the teenager laughed out shyly.
"But I can be a『Knight』...... can be hurt with you and can watch over you."
Tears fell from Syr's eyes.
"Miss Syr. Please keep the promise."
Finally Bell said tenderly and at the same time with a bad heart to Syr who couldn't
stop her tears.
"Please tell me the 'real you'. ...... Didn't you say that if we win, you will grant my
wish."
My throat was trembling.
It seems to let out a whimper.
Can't allow such a thing. I'm a goddess (Freya) oh?
In her mind, she was so brave, but the tears that kept flowing down from her pale
gray pupils said it all.
She recalled the fantasy (dream) she had seen in the flower field she had arrived
at.
She realized who the "real me" was and what the "real expectations" were.
The origin of the goddess (Freya) and the origin of the girl (Syr) were both "her".
The one who had been in that 'field of flowers' was just a young girl who kept on
shedding tears.
"............ I don't want to be a goddess anymore.
So she said "the real me".
She shouted out her naked self to the place where she got rid of the goddess
"Regulus".
"I want to be by everyone's side and be myself (Syr)!
Bell burst into a smile.
Ryu fell into tears and a smile appeared.
Anya cried out and hugged her, and a smiling Chloe and Runoa put their hands on
her left and right shoulders.
The shopkeepers let out a cheer. The dwarf who was leaning against the tavern
pillar and watching all this hung his mouth.
Joyful sounds rang out in the early morning, gradually waking up the city.
The walls of the city in the east let out their light. The fragments of the rising sun
appeared.
It burned the girl's tears, rebuked her, and then bestowed some blessings.
"Sorry, Ania ......!"
It was a punishment.
"Sorry, Chloe ...... Sorry, Runoa ......!
A punishment given to the 'magical girl' who is my own way, capricious, and not
considered a 'holy girl' at all.
"Sorry, Ryu ......!
Every time I see them, my heart is tormented by shame and struggles painfully to
pay for it for the rest of my life.
"I'm sorry, Mia's mom ......!
Never again can I do something bad.
"Everyone ............ Thank you!
Because 『Knight』 was at her side, watching over her all the time.
"...... Are you satisfied, maggots?"
The roof of some tavern.
Among the familia members who were watching the scene at hand, a displeased
Allen asked.
"I don't know."
"Huh?"
"I don't know if this is the best outcome."
Hedin spoke briefly and frankly.
Not only Allen, but also the four brothers (Alfrigg and the others) and Hogni, except
for Ottar, glared at him, then he quietly surfaced with a smile.
"But ...... isn't bad."
That stupid teenager really won't be her mate (Odr).
Nor would he become a hero (Odr).
The teenager chose to become her 『Knight (Odr)』.
Elves are girls.
The saint is the magical girl.
The girl (Syr) and the witch (Freya) are intertwined, and both have the same heart
(Double Cast). This is the "real her".
She will never be mad with "love" again, nor will she be strangled by "love".
After all, only in front of him, who had rejected love, she was saved by love and
was no longer a goddess, but just "a girl".
As long as he was watching over her, she would be liberated.
Her 'true expectation' was here.
"You passed. ...... stupid apprentice."
The sun rises.
The sun illuminates the maidens who embrace each other.
There was no field of flowers.
Only the new green young leaves they were wearing were blooming.
"What a ...... hateful man."
Seeing this sight, a low murmur came out.
The daughter of the gods (Horn), who was looking out from the side of the warriors,
uttered an annoying word.
She shed tears and smiled transparently for the only time.
"Thank you for saving us (Syr) ............ Bell."
This must be the first and the last thanks to the sky covered with sunset.
At some distance from the girls, the teenager alone broke out into a bright smile.
Autumn is coming to an end.
The goddesses departed with the bounty.
The maiden was born from the broken yoke, and with the sound of a tear-stained
croak, she smiled like a flower.
Bell Cranel
Affiliation: [Hestia's Familia
Race: Human
Profession: Adventurer
Floor reached: 37th floor
Weapon：「Hestia's Blade」「White Illusion
Amount held: 20 Farley
Ability value
Lv. 5
Strength: G 222
Durability: F 340
Dexterity: G 245
Agility: F 311
Magic: I 98
Luck: F
Abnormal Resistance: G
Escape: G
Combo Attack: I
Magic spell.
[Flame Volt]
* Quick attack magic
Skills.
[Single-minded Longing]
* Precocious
* Maintains the effect at the same time as the longing.
* The stronger the longing is, the stronger the effect is.
【Hero Wish】
* Can accumulate power for active actions.
【Bullfighting Instinct】
* When fighting with a bull-based enemy, all abilities increase super dramatically
【Melodramatic Inflammation Resistance (Vanadís-Tevere)
* Virgin's Protection.
* Activated when invaded by a charm effect. All ability values increase dramatically.
* Automatically restores strength and mental power.
The Maiden's Pendant
* "Knight's Silver Oath" (jewelry), vowing to always look at the maiden with light
gray hair.
* 『Don't cry, Holy Maiden (Berlingda).
Do not remain sad, knight (Flanders).
The things acquired after love made the genie become me.
This wound and pain saved me and freed me.
Listen to me, both of you.
I had a love affair that I could not forget oh-'
* The memory of the bubble that slept in the coffin and floated under the water is
smiling even now.
